This is pure gold
Mr. Yang made it for you
That's right, Mr. Yang has prepared a total of 5 necklaces.
Me and the other championship necklaces are platinum.
And this pure gold necklace
It's for world record-breaking geniuses
Worth hundreds of thousands
He stole the genius necklace
If Mr. Yang is late
We can't eat and walk around
You piece of shit
Are you trying to kill our family with sincerity?
You have poor grades and no character
Stealing addiction
A corrupt-minded sludge like you
They don't deserve to live.
Learn to believe that he is your own daughter
How can you insult and beat him at will?
We made things very clear
This necklace was given to us by Mr. Yang
Why don't you believe it?
How could Mr. Yang send it?
You are such a valuable thing
Besides, it's hundreds of thousands
Do you believe it yourself?
Waste is waste
People like you?
It's only suitable for rolling in the mud
Only suitable for roosting in stinky gutters
I now think it's normal for you to steal
After all, dogs can't stop eating shit
I broke the world record.
This is Mr. Yang's reward for me.
Why are you talking nonsense and wronging me?
This necklace was indeed given to Wenwen by Mr. Yang
Yes we can testify it is true